[Elasticsearch] Support batchOfBytes configuration to limit size of bulk flush. (#10287)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/configuration-vocabulary.md

| -                       | -             | bulkActions                                                                                                                                                              | Async bulk size of the record data batch execution.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | SW_STORAGE_ES_BULK_ACTIONS                        | 5000                                                                                         |

> | -                       | -              | batchOfBytes                                                                                                                                                             | A threshold to control the max body size of ElasticSearch Bulk flush.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | SW_STORAGE_ES_BATCH_OF_BYTES                      | 5242880                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| -                       | -              | batchOfBytes                                                                                                                                                             | A threshold to control the max body size of ElasticSearch Bulk flush.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | SW_STORAGE_ES_BATCH_OF_BYTES                      | 10485760  (10m)                                                                                    |
```
Do you miss this?

Author: ok ，i check again

> | -                       | -              | batchOfBytes                                                                                                                                                             | Async bulk byte size of the record data batch execution，If the batch data is too large, it will be split into the specified size.default is 5M                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | SW_STORAGE_ES_BATCH_OF_BYTES                      | 5242880                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| -                       | -              | batchOfBytes                                                                                                                                                             | A threshold to control the max body size of ElasticSearch Bulk flush.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | SW_STORAGE_ES_BATCH_OF_BYTES                      | 5242880                                                                                      |
```
